Hello, Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. Review Environment Submission ID: 57014565-8b7a-4777-b66b-82eed03ba814 Review date: April 23, 2026 Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) Version reviewed: 1.0 (4) Guideline 3.1.2(c) - Business - Payments - Subscriptions Issue Description The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions. You can use SubscriptionStoreView to easily include all of the required information in the app's purchase flow. The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata: - A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect. Next Steps Update the App Store metadata to include the information specified above. Once the app and metadata includes all of the required information, or if they already do, reply to this message with a screen recording to confirm. Include this information in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions. Resources Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself: - Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the In-App Purchase product name) - Length of subscription - Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate - Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA) The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect. Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more. Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness Issue Description The submission includes content that is not complete and final. Specifically, the app includes placeholder splash screen. Users expect the apps they download to be ready for public use and should not include incomplete or placeholder content. Apps shouldn't include placeholder or incomplete content or information. Next Steps Revise the app and metadata so that all of its content is complete and final. Resources Learn about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(a). Guideline 2.3.2 - Performance - Accurate Metadata Issue Description We noticed the app's metadata refers to paid content or features, but they are not clearly identified as requiring additional purchase. Specifically, your app description and screenshot references paid features but does not inform users that a purchase is required to access this content. Paid digital content referenced in your metadata must be clearly labelled to ensure users understand what is and isn't included in the app. Next Steps To resolve this issue, please remove these references or clearly mark paid content or features as requiring separate purchases. Resources - Learn more about this requirement in guideline 2.3.2. - Learn how to upload screenshots and previews or edit app information on App Store Connect Help. Guideline 2.3.2 - Performance - Accurate Metadata Issue Description We noticed that your promotional image to be displayed on the App Store does not sufficiently represent the associated promoted In-App Purchase and/or win back offer. Specifically, we found the following issue with your promotional image: – Your promotional image is the same as the app’s icon. Next Steps To resolve this issue, please revise your promotional image to ensure it is unique and accurately represents the associated promoted In-App Purchase and/or win back offer. If you have no future plans on promoting this In-App Purchase product, you can delete the associated promotional image in App Store Connect. Resources - Learn how to view and edit In-App Purchase information in App Store Connect. - Discover more best practices for promoting your In-App Purchases on the App Store. Support - Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module. - Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums. - Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays. - Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey. How to solve those isue