Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 09e6a6e4-90e0-4a55-8c42-672131759f20
Review date: April 15, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0

Guideline 5.1.2(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Use and Sharing

Issue Description

The app privacy information provided in App Store Connect indicates the app collects data in order to track the user, including Name. However, the app does not use App Tracking Transparency to request the user's permission before tracking their activity.

Apps need to receive the user’s permission through the AppTrackingTransparency framework before collecting data used to track them. This requirement protects the privacy of users.

Next Steps

Here are three ways to resolve this issue:

- If the app does not currently track, update the app privacy information in App Store Connect. You must have the Account Holder or Admin role to update app privacy information. If you are unable to change the privacy label, reply to this message in App Store Connect, and make sure your App Privacy Information in App Store Connect is up to date before submitting your next update for review.

- If this app does not track on the platform associated with this submission, but tracks on other platforms, notify App Review by replying to the rejection in App Store Connect. You should also reply if this app does not track on the platform associated with this submission but tracks on other Apple platforms this app is available on.

- If the app tracks users on all supported platforms, the app must use App Tracking Transparency to request permission before collecting data used to track. When resubmitting, indicate in the Review Notes where the permission request is located.

Note that if the app behaves differently in different countries or regions, you should provide a way for App Review to review these variations in the app submission. Additionally, these differences should be documented in the Review Notes section of App Store Connect.

Resources

- Tracking is linking data collected from the app with third-party data for advertising purposes, or sharing the collected data with a data broker. Learn more about tracking. 
- See Frequently Asked Questions about the requirements for apps that track users.
- Learn more about designing appropriate permission requests.
Guideline 4 - Design

Issue Description

There is an issue in the app that contributes to a lower-quality user experience than App Store users expect:

- The app includes hard to read type or typography. 

Next Steps

Revise the app to address all instances of the issue identified above.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. Learn more about supporting apps on compatible devices.

Resources

- To learn more about App Store design requirements, see guideline 4. 
- Learn foundational design principles from Apple designers and the developer community.
- Visit Accessibility on iOS to learn more about delivering a superior mobile experience to every customer.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

We are unable to complete the review of the app because one or more of the In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review.

Specifically, the app includes references to Subscription Plans but the associated In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review. 

 
Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please be sure to take action and submit your In-App Purchases and upload a new binary in App Store Connect so we can proceed with our review. 

Note you must provide an App Review screenshot in App Store Connect in order to submit In-App Purchases for review. Learn more about required In-App Purchase metadata.

Resources 

- Learn more about how to offer In-App Purchases.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, the In-App Purchases did not initiate after we chose the plan on sign up page. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.4.1

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.

Resources

Learn more about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(b).
Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We need more information to continue the review.

Next Steps

Provide detailed answers to the following questions:

- What service / content does the organization access include ? 
- Do users pay for these service / content ?


Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.